LATIN -EN GLISH LEXICON .

339

into, enter-„enter upon, begin. In· Infirmus, a, um, adj. ·Weak, feeble.
ire rationem, to form a plan, to Inflecto, ere, xi, xum. To bend in,

make an estimato, (²⁷11. 243)

curve, orook, bow.

gratiam, to get into or stand in Influo, ὅτε, sci, xum. 'I'o flow into,

favor with, (VI. 43.)

Inar-mie, ie, e, adj„ (in, arma.)
Unel-med, defencelese, without
arms.

Ina-mue, a, unt. See Ino-mis.

Iners, tie, adj„ (in, are.) Without
art or ski113 indolent, slothful,
cowardly.

Infamia, ae, f. Ill fame, disgraee,
dishonor, infamy.

Infans, tie, adj„ (in, fane.) 'I'hat
cannot speak3 young, little, infant.

Insectzw, a, um, adj„ (in, sactus.)
Not having happened, not d0n03
unfiniehed, unaceomplished.

Insere, serre, intr-ali, illatum. To
bring or carry into, bring on, in-
flict3 introduce, interpone. Ιη-
serre bellum, to wege war, make
war, (1.2; ΙΙ. 153) cigna, to ad-
vance the stendafde, to attack.

Inserta, a, um, adj„ comp. inferior,
sup. infimus and imm. Below,
beneath, low. Inferior, lower,
inferior-3 imus, the lowest, laet3
ab infimo, from below, at the bot·
tom.

Infestae, a, um, adj. Insecure3
hostile to, inimieol, troubleeome,
danger-oue.

Insteio, ere,seci,sectum, (imfacio.)
To stain, dye, color, tinge, paint.
Infidelis, ie, e, adj. Unsaithful,

treacherons, perfidious, false.
quigo, ἕνα, xi, xuvn. To fix or
fasten in, thrust in.

Infima. See Infernae.

Infinitue, a, um. Infinite, endlens,
immense, boundlees, vast.

Infit-mitae, ᾶεὶι, f. Weaknees, in·
firmity, illnen3 imbecility, incon-
moy.

discharge, empty.

Inflsdio, ἔτι, sodi, foenum. To dig
in, dig, bury in the earth.

Infra, adv. BeloW, hemath, under-

· neoth. ·

Ingens, tis, adj.
huge.

Ingratus, a, um, adj. Unpleasant,
unacceptable, unthankful, un-
grateful.

Ingrediar, ἰ, gressus eum, (in, gm-
dior.) To. enter, go into, advance,
proceed3 begin.

Inimicitia, ‘13ss- Enmity, hostility.

Inimicus, a, um, (in, amicus.) Un-
srieudly, hostile, inimical to. See
p. 96, 6.

Iniquitaae, ᾰιίε, f. Iuequality, un-
evennen3 injustice, unfavorable-
nese.

Iniquus, a, um, adj„ (in, aequus.)
Uneqnal, uneven, unjuflt, oruel,
hurtsul.

Initium, i, n., (ineo.) A going in,-
eommencemeut, beginnIng3 the
elemento.

Injict'o, ere, eci, ectum, (in, jacio.)
To throw or put iu, throw upon,
lay over, infuse3 occasion, cause.

InjnmgO, ἕνα, xi, ctum To jein
into, unite, attach to; lay or irn-

Very great, large, ⁹

pose ⁰¹13 inflict.

Injuria, ae, s. Injury, wrong, in-
justice, damage, hurt, insult-

Injuesu, ablat„ (injmeus, aa, m.)
Without command, without leave.

Ῑπηασσοτ, i, παίω eum, (in, nascor.)
To grow in, spring up or be bom 3
ariae in.

Iunctae, a, um. See Innucor.

Ianitor, i, nixus mm, «iopen, 'l'o
leun or reat upon, recline upon.

