326

Durae, a, nm, adj.
firm; hamb, nour3 toiluomo, labo-
riom hoavy, dicagrooob103 rough,
rud03 unsoeling, cruol-

Dux, doeio, m. ond s. A hodor,

guido, conductor, general, captain.
Duxi. Soo Duco.

E.

Ε. or ex, prep. with ablat. E i·
used before consonant· only; ex
before vowel· or consonante. Out
of, from; of, among3 asten on

account of 3 in aecor-donce πίθῃ ,

in, on3 instead of, in piaco of,
from being.

Ea. Sco Ie.

Ea, adv. That way, through that
placo.

Edico, ἕνα, xi, ctum. To declaro
publiciy, npoak out, make known,
relat03 command, ordor.

Edictum, i, n„ (edico.) An edict,
proclamation, charge.

Edim, ἕνα, didici, —. To leam
thoroughly, loom by beart, com-
mit to gnomory.

‘Edituffi a, um, part. and adj.
lishod3 raised, clevatod, lofty.

Ede, Cre, idi, itum, (e, do.) 'I'o
put forth, uttor, omit, give out,
show3 relato, publish3 uso or ox·
oro iso.

Edoceo, ere,

Pub-

m‘, otum. To touch
carefully3 teu, show,mnko known.

Εάῡσο, ὅτε, xi, ctum. To lond out
or forth, lond away3 drnw, bring3
mise, rear, maintain, educato.

Effarcio, ire, εἰ, tum, (ex, sarcio.)
To staff, cram, fin up.

Effemino, cire, ᾶυί, titum. To make
delicato or effeminato, enervato.

Effera, ferre, extuli, elatum. To

bring ἴοι-ὡς bear, produ003 pub·
liuh, proclaim5 raino, exalt.

urm-mmmm mlcon.

Hord, oolid, Effteio, ἔτι, eci, ectum, (ex, facio.)

To bring to pons, effect, fulffl,
completo, mnko, form, construet,
obtain, procuro3 render, occasion· ,
provo.

Effodio, ἕνα, odi, οωιιπι. Το dig
out, dig πμ hollow or tear ont.

Effmue, a, um. Sco Effodio.

Effugia, ἕνα, figi, fugitum, (ex,
fugio.) To fleo, fleo away, necapo3
abun, avoid.

Effundo, ere, odi, noum. To pour
out, empty, apin, · matter, con-
sumo· huri, discharg03 elacken,
looeon3 overthrow, expol-

Egene, tio, part. aud adj„ (egeo.)
Noodiug3 in want, noody‚ poor.

Egi. See Ago.

Egeo, ere, ui, -. Το want, need,
bo without, lack.

Egesta-3, dtis, s. Want, boggary,
poverty.

Ego, pron. 1.

Egomet. 1 mysels ; nosmet, we our·
solvon-

Egredior. i, essue mm, deputa.. (e,
gradior.) To go out, como out,
depart from3 go beyond, violat03
surpass3 digress3 ascend, climb.

Egregie, adv. Remnrknbly, excel·
lently, nobly.

Egregiae, a, um, adj. Excellent,
remarkable, distinguished, raro.
Egressum, ¹28, m., (egredior.) A

going out, departure, landing.

Ejectus, a, um. Soo Ejicio.

Ejicio, ὅτε, eci, ectum, (e, jacio.)
To cast or force out, expol, banish.

Ejuo. See Is.

Ejusmodi. Of thot sort m· natm-03
such, οο, in auch a caso.

Elabor, i, lupeno oum, ἅφθη. To
olido or ulip oway3 fall out, oecap03
climb, ascend.

Elapm, a, um. Soc Elabor-

Elatuae, a, um. See Effera.

