LATIN-ENG msn LEXICON.

Praesti-o, fem, tali, latum. To

bear or carry before3 prefer, give
the preference toj show, discover,
indicate.

Praesioio, lte, ’ eci, ecta-m, (prae,
facio.) 'ro set over, preside over,
constitute, delegate, deputo.

Praesigo, ἕνα, xi, xant. To fix or
fasten before, set up in front3 tip,
head.

Praefiaeue, a, am. See Praefigo.

Ι Prae-fui See Praesum.

Praemetuo, ἕνα, ai, —. '1⁸0 fem·
beforehend,

Praemitto, ere, iai, ieram. ’Το send
or dispetch before.

Praemium, i, n. A reward, rec-
ompenso, utility, advantage, pro-
fit.

Prae-occupo, dre, ᾰυί, atum To
take possession of, seire before-
hand, preoccupy.

Ρναεορεο, are, ᾶυί, atum. To wish
rather, choose rather, prefer.

Praeparo, cire, avi, atum. Το pre-
pare, get ready beforehend, pro-
vide.

Praepono, ἕνα, poem, positam. Το
put or set before, place first, pre-
fer-3 set over, appoint.

Praerumpo, ἕνα, rapi, mptum. To
break or tear off, break in pieces.

Praeruptus, a, um, part. aud adj.
Broken or torn off 3 ποορ, eraggy,
rugged.

Prae-scribo, ere, -pei, ptum. To
write before, proscribe, order, ap-
point, dictate.

’ Praeeeriptum, i, π. An order, pre-

script, rule, precept.
Praesens, tis, adj. Present, in per-
son, at hand3 prompt, resolute.
Praesentia, ae, s. Presence.
Praesentia, ire, sensi, aeneum. To

361

Praecepto, ire, pei, ptum. To se-
cure iu frent, block up, barricede.

Praesertim, adv. Especially, chiefly.

Praseidium, i, n. Desence, protec-
tior, help, assistance3 guard,
escort, reservo, security.

Praesto, cire, iti, itum. To stand
before, be superior to, excel, sur·
paes3 show, prove, exhibit, evinco,
do. ‹

Praesto, adv. Present‚ here, ready
at hand.

Praeeam, em, sui. To be before,
be set over, preside over, rule over.

Praeter, prep- with acc. Close by,

. near, along, except, beyond, con-
trary tot

Praeterea, adv. Beeides, moreover.

Praetereo, ire, ivi, (323) 'ltu-m. Το
go or pass by, pass along, omit,
leave out. .

Praeteritae, a, um, part. and ach'.
Pest, gone by.

Praetermitto, ἔτι, ici, ieram. To
let pass, pass over, omit, neglect.
Praeterquam, adv. Besidee, beyond,

save.

Praeter-veho, ere, xi, ctum. To
carry, convey, or lead past or by.
Pace„ praetervehi, to be carried
past or by, ride or sail past.

Praetor, orie, m. A leader, chief,
commender, magistrate. Gs. p.

Praetoriae, a, um, adj. of or be-
longing to a general, praetorian.

Praearo, ὅτε, aeci, ustum. To burn
before, burn at the end or point.

Praeverto, ἕνα, ti, sanz. To prefer,
get the star-t of, anticipato, pre-
vent.

Ρνᾶυιιε, a, um, adj. Crooked, not
straight, distorted‚ · wrong, bad,
depraved, wicked.

see beforehand, for-esee, presago, Precor, ciri, atus eum,depon.'1. o

foreknow.
31

pray, entreat, beg, request, des..1ro

 

