LATIN-ENGLISR LExlcoN.

’ ’ Demptum, a, nm. See Demo. ‘

Demum, adv. At length, in fine,
Βέῗέἓζ, cire, ᾰυί, eitum To deny,
refuso, not suffer..

Derai, ae, a, adj„ (decem.) Ten hy
ten, ten.
Denique, adv. In fine, at last,

finally.

Densus, a, um, adj.
frequent.

Dennncio, stre, dvi, titum. To de-
nounce, intimate, declaro, soretess,
forewarn3 denounce, enjoin, order.

Depelle, ἕνα, pali, pulsum. “ To
drive or thruet down 3 drive away.
expel, remove.

Dependo, ὅτε, di, eum. To weigh;
pay, apend. '

Deperdo‚ ἕνα, didi, ditum. To lose.

Depereo, ire, ii, —-. To perieh‚ be
lost, go to min, be undone.

Depone, bre, eui, eitum. To lay or
put down, lay aeide, place, station,
loeo, give np-

Depopulor‚ ciri, ἀίω eum. To lay
waste, pinage, ravage, plunder.
Deporto, dre, ᾰυί, atum. To carry
down, transfer from one place ιο

another. ι

Deposco, ere, poposci, -. Το re·
quire, demand, reqneet earnestly.

Deposita-9, a, um. See Depone.

Deprdvo, cire, ᾶοί, atum. 'l'o de-
pravo, spoil, corrupt, impetis, mar.

Deprecator, oris, m. An intercessor.
See p. 17, 12.

Deprl‘cor, ἄνι’, dtus eum. 'ro pray
sor, supplicate, beseech, beg3 dep-
recate, excuse.

Deprehend0‚ ἕνα, di, aum. To eeize,
catch, dotent, discover, perceive.
Deprimo, ere, esai, cesum, (de, pre-

mo.) To prese down, deprecat, sink.

Depugno, (ire, ᾰυί, titum. To fight
engefly, flght it out, contend.

Thick‚ close,

321

Repulsus, a, um. See Depelle.

Dan-linquo, ἔνο, iqui, ictum 'l'o
abendon, forsan, desert.

Derigo, ἕνα, exi, ectum, (de, rego.)
To make straight.

Der-ivo, cire, tivi, citum. To drain,
or oonvey water from ite regular
course.

Der-ogo, ᾰνε, aivi, eitum. To take
away, repeal, abate, dimifflnh,
lessen. .

Descende, ἕνε, cli, eum, (de, wando.)
To go or come down, deseend3
resort.

Deseco, (xre, ᾱυί, citum. To cut off.

Deo-ero, ὅτε, ui, tum. To leave,
abendon, forsake, desert.

Desertor, oria, m.. (desero.) One.
who leaves or ἴοι-κύθε, a desertor.

Desertus, a, um„ adj. and part.
Deserted, desert, lonely, uninhab-
ited.

Deficiet-o, fare, (zei, titum. To de-
sire, long soz-3 miss, need, regret.
Desidia, ae, s. Sloth, idleneee, in-

activity.

Designo, ᾱνε, «ivi, ᾶίπιηι. To mark,
mark σαῖς sig-aisy, denote, desig-
nate.

Duilio, ire, ilui, ultum, (de, salio.)
To leap or jnmp down, alight.

Desino, ὅτε, ἰοὶ, itum. To cenae,
leave off, desiet, end.

Desiste, ἕνα, atui, cutum. To

¹ stand still, give over, leave off,

discontinue.

Despectu's, a, um. See Despicio.

Decpectus, ²28, m„ (despicio.) A
looking down upon, a view from
an elevated plat-‚03 an elevation,
height.

Desperatio, onie, s. A despairing,
despair.

Despero, ᾰνε, avi, citum. To despair
of, be without hope, despond.

Despicio, ἕνα, exi,ectum,(de, specio.)

